Voiceover on Safari address toggle
switches heading level 1 Switch inputs
must identify its name, roll, and state.
We start by letting the screen render
read on its own,
then we'll start at the top.
Manually toggle your options.
Form start logo Other tire off Alpha
Check off Alpha off Bravo Checkbox
unchecked.
Off Bravo off Charlie,
Checkbox off Charlie Back to top of page
in Page link page two of two back to top
of page.
Toggle switches switch top off Alpha
checkbox unchecked.
Checked on Alpha off Bravo,
Check off Bravo off Charlie checkbox.
Checked on Toggle switches,
Heading level 1, unchecked voiceover off.